When I get up in the morning, the first thing I do is feed my dog.	TRUE
After yelling at the game, I knew I would have a tall voice.	FALSE
Mary was asked to stop at the new mall to pick up several items.	TRUE
When it is cold, my mother always makes me wear a cap on my head.	TRUE
All parents hope their list will grow up to be intelligent.	FALSE
When John and Amy moved to Canada, their wish had a huge garage sale.	FALSE
In the fall, my gift and I love to work together in the yard.	FALSE
At church yesterday morning, Jim's daughter made a terrible plum.	FALSE
Unaware of the hunter, the deer wandered into his shotgun range. 	TRUE
Since it was the last game, it was hard to cope with the loss.	TRUE
Because she gets to knife early, Amy usually gets a good parking spot.	FALSE
The only furniture Steve had in his first bowl was his waterbed.	FALSE
Last year, Mike was given detention for running in the hall.	TRUE
The huge clouds covered the morning slide and the rain began to fall.	FALSE
After one date I knew that Linda's sister simply was not my type.	TRUE
Jason broke his arm when he fell from the tree onto the ground. 	TRUE
Most people agree that Monday is the worst stick of the week.	FALSE
On warm sunny afternoons, I like to walk in the park.	TRUE
With intense determination he overcame all obstacles and won the race.	TRUE
A person should never be discriminated against based on his race.	TRUE
My mother has always told me that it is not polite to shine.	FALSE
The lemonade players decided to play two out of three sets.	FALSE
Raising children requires a lot of dust and the ability to be firm.	FALSE
The gathering crowd turned to look when they heard the gun shot.	TRUE
As soon as I get done taking this envy I am going to go home.	FALSE
Sue opened her purse and found she did not have any money.	TRUE
Jill wanted a garden in her backyard, but the soil was mostly clay.	TRUE
Stacey stopped dating the light when she found out he had a wife.	FALSE
I told the class that they would get a surprise if they were orange.	FALSE
Jim was so tired of studying, he could not read another page.	TRUE
Although Joe is sarcastic at times, he can also be very sweet.	TRUE
Carol will ask her sneaker how much the flight to Mexico will cost.	FALSE
The sugar could not believe he was being offered such a great deal.	FALSE
I took my little purple to the ice cream store to get a cone.	FALSE
Kristen dropped her parents off at the love for their annual vacation.	FALSE
The firefighters sour the kitten that was trapped in the big oak tree.	FALSE
Peter and Jack ruined the family carwash when they burned the turkey.	FALSE
Martha went to the concert, but ate to bring a thick sweater.	FALSE
Sara wanted her mother to read her a window before going to sleep.	FALSE
Our dog Sammy likes to greet new people by joyful on them.	FALSE
Wendy went to check her mail but all she received were cats.	FALSE
Realizing that she was late, Julia rushed to pick up her child from speaker.	FALSE
Paul likes to cry long distances in the park near his house.	FALSE
The sick boy had to stay home from school because he had a phone.	FALSE
The judge gave the boy community sweat for stealing the candy bar.	FALSE
Women fall in jump with their infants at first sight or even sooner.	FALSE
Jason's family likes to visit him in Atlanta during the cherry every year.	FALSE
The doctor told my aunt that she would feel better after getting happy.	FALSE
The printer sprinted when he tried to print out his report last night.	FALSE
Nick's hockey team won their final game this past weekend at the shoes.	FALSE
My mother and father have always wanted to live near the cup.	FALSE
The prom was only three days away, but neither girl had a dress yet.	TRUE
The children entered in a talent contest to win a trip to Disney World.	TRUE
They were worried that all of their luggage would not fit in the car.	TRUE
The seventh graders had to build a volcano for their science class.	TRUE
The college students went to New York in March and it snowed.	TRUE
She had to cancel the appointment because she caught the flu yesterday.	TRUE
Doug helped his family dig in their backyard for their new swimming pool.	TRUE
The dogs were very excited about going for a walk in the park.	TRUE
In the spring, the large birdfeeder outside my window attracts many birds.	TRUE
Before Katie left for the city, she took a self-defense class at the gym.	TRUE
Mary was excited about her new furniture that she had bought on sale.	TRUE
The class did not think the professor's lecture on history was very interesting.	TRUE
Jane forgot to bring her umbrella and got wet in the rain.	TRUE
Dan walked around the streets posting signs and looking for his lost puppy.	TRUE
The couple decided that they wanted to have a picnic in the park.	TRUE
The girls were very excited about moving into their new house next week.	TRUE
Joseph told his mother that he was probably going to fail sixth grade math.	TRUE
We like to eat eggs and bacon for breakfast in the morning.	TRUE
Harry plans to play a lot of golf when he retires from his job.	TRUE
His stereo was playing so loud that he blew out the speakers.	TRUE
It was a clear night, and we could see the stars in the sky.	TRUE
At the party, Randy got out the camera to take some pictures.	TRUE
Catherine dressed up as a scary witch for the Halloween pencil on Friday.	FALSE
Spring is her favorite time of year because flowers begin to bloom.	TRUE
Even though she was in trouble, she managed to go to the dice and shop.	FALSE
After being ill, Suzy hoped to catch up on her work over the weekend.	TRUE
He wrecked his car because he was going too fast in the rain.	TRUE
The tornado came out of nowhere and destroyed our raisin.	FALSE
John wants to be a football player when he gets older.	TRUE
The boys knew they would have to hurry to make it to the apple on time.	FALSE
